README.md, before:

# Main-Assignment
Main Assignment

# Coding rules

Naming classes: Pascal casing

Naming functions inside classes: Pascal casing

Naming variables: Camel casing.

# Classes and their purpose

The command line class contains all menues for users.
The command line class is the top of all function calls
the user gives input (data) to the commandline class

The command line class calls the controller which then calls
the dataclasses to update the files.


All operations from the command line controler should have a corosponding
function in controller f.e. createOrder can be done as a sales person
and should .

# The extra mile
- Diffrent toppings on sections of the pizza


# TODO
- make orders aware of the place they are ordered into
- places needs to validate phone numbers, See costumers.cpp for implementation
- Add a nice way in filehandler for it to deal with deactivating places
- Add functions for the preperation to do.
- Create a Interface for delivery people.( the ones that hand over the pizza)

Commit message:

Summary in other field
Modified build procedure to preserve .o files and lessen compile time, made
modifications to Allot of core models and components to include more functionality.

README.md, after:

# Main-Assignment
Main Assignment

# Coding rules

Naming classes: Pascal casing

Naming functions inside classes: Pascal casing

Naming variables: Camel casing.

# Classes and their purpose

The command line class contains all menues for users.
The command line class is the top of all function calls
the user gives input (data) to the commandline class

The command line class calls the controller which then calls
the dataclasses to update the files.


All operations from the command line controler should have a corosponding
function in controller f.e. createOrder can be done as a sales person
and should .

# The extra mile
- Diffrent toppings on sections of the pizza


# TODO
- make orders aware of the place they are ordered into
- places needs to validate phone numbers, See costumers.cpp for implementation
- Add a nice way in filehandler for it to deal with deactivating places ( This is not necasery, places get written with the order );
- Add functions for the preperation to do.
- Create a Interface for delivery people.( the ones that hand over the pizza) 
- Orders have to be verified sane before being registered ( where is it suppose to be made, is there anything on it etc, etc.).
